#
# $Id: README,v 1.4 1997/03/24 23:38:38 fritz Exp $
#
This is the README file for the "isdn4k-utils" package from "The i4l-crew".

This package contains the following stuff:

1. Runtime configuration tools:
  isdnctrl,   general link-level setup utility.
  iprofd,     daemon for realizing AT&W0 on ttyI's.
  icnctrl,    setup utility for the icn driver.
  telesctrl,  setup utility for the teles driver.
  hisaxctrl,  setup utility for the HiSax driver.
  pcbitctl,   setup utility for the pcbit driver.
  avmcapictrl setup utility for the avmb1 driver.

2. Tools for monitoring activity:
  imon,       a ncurses based utility for monitoring ISDN-activities.
  imontty,    a tty based utility for monitoring ISDN-activities.
  isdnlog,    a set of utilities for connection logging.
  ipppstats   a utility for showing syncPPP statistics.
  xisdnload,  an xload-like meter.
  xmonisdn,   a utility for monitoring and controlling ISDN-activity.
  isdnmon,    a Tcl/Tk based utility for monitoring ISDN-activities.

3. Applications:
  vbox,       an answering machine/voice mailbox.
  ipppd,      daemon need for syncPPP and MPP.

4. Documentation:
  A very detailed FAQ and the generic manpages ttyI.4, isdninfo.4,
  isdn_audio.4 and isdn_cause.7.
  Manpages for the above utilities:
  avmcapictrl.8, hisaxctrl.8 icnctrl.8, imon.8, ipppd.8, ipppstats.8,
  iprofd.8, isdnctrl.8, isdnlog.8, isdnrep.1, telesctrl.8, xisdnload.1x
  and xmonisdn.1x

System prerequisites:

  To use this package, you need a kernel with an ISDN-subsystem configured.
  To get a such a kernel, take a clean standard-kernel (> Version 2.0.29 or
  > 2.1.26 resp.) enable the isdn-related features you want and build the
  kernel as usual. If applicable some patches may be needed

  isdn-patches are available at

     ftp.franken.de:/pub/isdn4linux

  For using modularised parts of the ISDN-subsystem, newest modutils
  are strongly recommended.

3. Configuration, Compilation.

   Run "make config"

   This will run an interactive configuration tool and the various
   configuration-scripts for each sub-package. (You may know that
   tool from kernel menuconfig.)
   There is a global configuration directory, where most programs
   expect their configuration files. The default is /etc/isdn.
   
   Run "make"

   This builds all utilities except the Tcl/Tk-script "isdnmon"

4. Installation

   For the following steps, root permissions are necessary

   a) Create the device-inodes:

     make devices

   b) Install the utilities, the man pages and config-files:

     make install

   The config files usually are installed in /etc/isdn if not
   specified otherwise during configuration.

5. Application

   The directory ./etc contains an example startup-script which gets
   not installed automatically, because it MUST BE CONFIGURED IN ANY
   CASE! Please don't try to connect to the Internet without setting
   your own IP-addresses. This script is intended to be used with
   the modularised version of the ISDN-subsystem. Refer to the
   Documentation/isdn subdirectory of your kernel-source-tree for
   more information on configuring Lowlevel drivers.

   For the utilities refer to the man pages or look into their
   subdirectories for Documentation.

   For tips, troubleshooting etc. look into the FAQ subdirectory

 -Fritz
